Hello dear friends my name is
ray today i wanted for you to take off on but
somehow it didn't work out today we will
this one with you on the site who is called twins
but forms. This site allows
find out by what percentage we are similar to
of course he is
determines it from the photos I'm here
selected several video bloggers
which today I will compare myself
but that the service determines everything honestly
there is in appearance I decided to take a picture so
same as they are i mean i took photos
sfotka same pose well I do not know what
out of this comes to us offers to find in
online or ship my i will
download of course your computer
here they are my pictures and 1 of course from flash drives
and vlog 2 you compare let's
pyudipay and
and myself that's what speed ta
okay of course i tried to take a picture
it looks like I like alcohol by ten
percent so here's the guys go
Of course, let's take 2 photos
load all we're gonna and find out
how much do I look like a shogun, but
be able to special photography and so and so
I'm like fifty-nine
percent I do not know for what exactly
criterion what the hell site determines
how much I look like this is all
automatically that is it doesn't even
man determines how he is at how how
he determines how similar
Well , let's load the third
photo 3 comparison don't let me
Compare yourself to Duncan and even how much
and how similar to 51 percent am
germination hangar how to look at my
face i'm mom's photogenic i tried
I'm with the role of myself with the person with whom
everyone always compare me
I upload the last photo know
all the truth
42 percent 42 percent Well Well is not
so little not so much seems to me that
but i don't look like i don't look like you site
says and the site generally did
microsoft they and they will not lie
Well, I finished and it seems to me
time of this site
top enough of me for this epic so I
upload a photo and upload my
see here now is not like Thank you for
that watched this video if you he
liked it like
subscribe to the channel also leave
comments join the VKontakte group
but his was an ardent good luck to all and so far